Our CI/CD pipeline at the moment is mostly functional, with a few small tweaks needing to be added for it to be fully complete. Going from top to bottom in the GitHub Actions Workflow, we start with documentation generation using JSDocs. To see the documentaion generated by this action, you can open the repository in VSCode and navigate to out/index.html and use LiveServer to go live to the website. Next, we have 3 separate linters, linthtml, lintcss, and lintjs, which all function as intended. A few problems with the linters is that they look at the entirety of the repo and apply their style guidelines, meaning that things we don't care about linting i.e. meeting minute notes, adrs, etc. generate errors that make it hard to find the useful errors sometimes. To fix this, we plan on adding lint config files to exlude specific filepaths so that it only lints the source code, and whatever else is deemed necessary to be linted. After the linters, we have code quality via tool through Codacy Analysis CLI. Through the use of a config file that can be seen in the root of the repo, .codacy.yml, it only looks through the source code and applies codacy's built in list of code analysis tools to generate warnings in the actions workflow. One problem with codacy is that it takes the longest in the pipeline to run by a massive margin, usually not completing until around 4-5 minutes after it runs. As we are not entirely sure whether this is how codacy works or if this is a problem with our implementation, we will continue to investigate and see if the problem can be fixed. Lastly, we have unit testing implemented through Jest. At the moment, the workflow finds all of the tests and runs them properly, outputting the amount passed or failed in the summary of the run in github actiond. As far as things we want to add to the pipeline, one thing we have not yet gotten to work has been the e2e testing using pupeteer. Once we have both the linting config files and the e2e Pupeteer tests, our pipeline will be tentatively complete. 