# Meeting Minutes
## Pre-development Meeting
## Team #16: Githubbies

### Details:
- **11/01/22 11/1/22 1-3PM**
- **Location: Geisel Library 1nd Floor**

### Attendance: 
- [ ] Shubham Kumar (TA)
- [x] Gunwoo Kim (Lead)
- [ ] Abishek Siva (Lead)
- [x] Maximillian Chen
- [x] Chun Hang Chan
- [x] Raymond Umbas
- [x] Shantelle Serafin
- [x] Jerry Wang
- [x] Xiangyi Lin
- [x] Tianyu Chen
- [x] Hung-I Huang

### Agenda

**Plans for meeting on (10/31)**
* Decide how will we do data integration.
  - a common ground is needed to connect the front and the back end without friction.
  - what are the essential information needed in each page?
  - what should be saved and loaded?

* Split into groups. Assign groups to do following:
  1. unit test set up, write up some cases
    - other groups should tell QAs about their potential modules that can be tested. 
  2. some groups will make the pages (html, css)
  3. one group figures our backend elements: storage method, calendar implementation, loading/saving data, popups. The priority will be implemented 
  - for all groups: PLEASE WRITE **REPORTS**--problems you have, requirements that might be needed, design choices. This information will be used in forming our ADR.

* Start our Architecture Decisions Record (ADR)
  - describe how we structure the code
    - css classes
  - describe and define other design choices

### Achievements
* Finish the pitch assignment
  * high-fi wireframes
  * ADR (any decision recoreds)
    * architecture decisions
      * data storage, structure of data
        * storage: `localStorage`
      * implementation details
        * calendar
    * features and why they are the way they are.

* Clarification on `delete` function.
  * what does `delete` do in the point of view of the user?
    * are they able to access and modify empty entry they have deleted? no.
    * are they able to modify an empty (missed day) entry? no.
    * are they able to modify entries that have been entered in? yes.
    * **conclusion:** `delete` is a one way function. if you `delete` an entry, you CANNOT enter a new entry back into that day.
      * follow up. what happens if you `delete` the entry you have entered today?

* Brief discussion on coding style.

### TODO
* ROLES!
  * 3 groups for each page
    * each group will have a front/back